e
[Music]
there you
go what used to be maybe I'm the
AMR
[Music]
way we trying so hard to forget
wait now why is Vitality
glitch why is the stream why is this uh
stream playlist trying to kill
[Music]
me shout out feather shout out feather
shout out feather shout out feather
shout out
[Music]
feather [__] nasty blood rotation
okay
okay the original the original lyric for
Vitality glitch was uh where's that do I
even have it wait I'm G have it I don't
even need to say
it I might have it bad you're afraid or
something you're afraid okay there you
go um
there why is there like a Million
results when I search Vitality glitch on
my computer okay the original demo where
was
[Music]
this apparently this this is this is the
first one of the first files titled
Vitality glitch on my computer
[Music]
okay sure
uh oh oh wait I don't think I talked
about I don't think I talked about this
on stream cuz I like forgot it the
original Vitality glitch sounded like
this
[Music]
and then it became name
this there might have been a there might
have been vocals with the old demo let's
[Music]
see yeah that's the thing I was going to
say is that the original vocal demo it
said pink box instead of
blackbox a reason for that was because
there is a a muse
song There's a a muse song called pink
ego
box which sounds like
this I've never heard your
voice but I think I love
I when you
in me with
prise this is of course back when Muse
was actually like good at making music
which is interesting um but I changed it
to to pretty black box is like a lyric
IDE is like this sort of just
personality fitting in like a like a a
plain black box or something
but the original the original idea was a
reference to Pink e Box by
Muse yeah
I yeah I miss Muse I miss when Muse was
like not like Alex Jones music or
whatever it is
now soda yeah okay we got we got
soda um and uh what cuz we're we're
we're doing Redemption red Red Dead
Redemption again today too I decided we
would we we would C we would cosplay
just a little bit would cosplay just a
little bit with this all the Apple Jack
drink or
something
um and on the other thing is just a
can't wait I
can't I'm not mixing them together
though because uh
I'm not mixing them together
anyway
uh I can
have some alcohol again the reason I
haven't is cuz I didn't really want to
but
also uh I've been I've been taking sleep
medication for uh almost two years
because I've been [__] up for a
bit
but I don't know I don't really know
who's going to like care who's really
going to like feel how important this is
but like uh basically this past week is
the first time I've been able to like
sleep properly without sleeping
medication for like first time in two
years
so super awesome though like I feel very
very happy about
that
um I never wanted to be on medication
for sleeping but I needed it cuz uh my
body and
whatever um now all I need to do is
figure out how to stop being nocturnal
cuz I've been nocturnal for 2 years as
well so one of these days I'm going to
have to
like basically get no sleep and reset my
brain to sleep at a slightly normaler
time um if I don't do it before babscon
babscon is going to force me to do that
so that's nice um the problem is uh it
makes me nervous because because if I
try and sleep at a time where my body
doesn't want to uh I go into like an
insomnia cycle I can't sleep for a few
days um if I force myself to have an all
nighter sometimes my body forces myself
into an anomia cycle and I can't sleep
for a few days
um and I wish I could control it it
sucks
uh what am I what what am I trying to
say though it's like when I start to not
when I start to lose sleep it's like my
body is too tired to sleep like I can't
sleep uh problem with being nocturnal
okay so the problem with being nocturnal
is like I used to be someone who is like
a night owl I would consider that's what
I would consider myself like a few years
ago
um but then I was forced to be nocturnal
like because of just my [__] mental
health and like physical health and
stuff and what I learned is
going
outside is the best thing
ever and getting sunlight is the best
thing
ever and uh everything sucks when you
don't go outside and get
sunlight everything's just
bad
so um any anytime that I'm able to be up
enough during the day to get like a
couple hours of sunlight Everything
feels so much better I feel much more
productive and stuff
start LARPing sleep at 12 and you
believe you're sleeping at thing okay
I'm not going to go to sleep at midnight
I'm probably I need to
like I'll probably sleep at like 3:00 or
4: in the morning that's like my goal as
long as I'm up before like noon or
something sun is too bright I know there
are people like with like light
sensitivities too that make it hard to
be up during the day so I guess it sort
of depends on who you are for me every
everything
sucks everything sucks if I don't get
sunlight so
uh I do be living sunlight I do be
living
sunlight the world is a beautiful place
don't let anyone tell you
otherwise but yeah off medication uh so
I'm having some some some drink and then
uh probably going to put that down at
some point and just like just cuz I
haven't had in like two years so it's
like
whatever I did have like two sips of
sake once in the past two years when I
went to a place that it's my roommate
that's
it uh also alcohol
sucks so don't drink
it there is I say that as they do etc
etc uh do I know V Pony music uh
something something
that's uh kayak I was going to say fish
is
landing why not gamify the drinking like
if you die you take a shot or something
similar absolutely not that is
absolutely not going to
happen
[Music]
no wait Vitality glitch hey y weird just
listening to it it's fresh in my mind if
if I die in Red Dead Redemption if I die
in Red Dead Redemption is what they were
saying
what it's it's either something from
glitter or something from Queen of Ms I
can't tell if it's if it's to blame or
if it's like
keepsakes I feel like it's from Queen of
Misfits but just for the goober goall
I'm going to say keep
sakes okay it's not keep
[Music]
sakes why do I not know what this
is why do I not know what this
is is it just too blame okay sure
uh friendships that are far
away sludge and sludge in the Violet
Pony whle is a is a
thing okay did we miss one we missed one
okay let's do
it for the love of music
never looking back my
beloved guys I love fairy
tales I love fairy tales guys I love
fairy
tales fairy tales there it
is the
song there there it
is oh no not I was just say let's fight
the castle Pony rock
why do we get like all that
glimmers like every other like ver why
do we get like all that glimmer every
other one it's like the most
uninteresting song on the whole B
discography
nice
uh as a treat what if we what if I play
it my favorite thing what if I play my
favorite
thing I got progress on this and it's
great it's awesome also I drew this
thing it probably won't make it to the
final album but it's a it's a
thing we're being dominated go on the
aggression in the Bony bring out the
juicer H in the Bony bring out the
juicer dummy so this is the way yeah you
don't see the bottom till you hit it
face your tie that sh ain't fitt it
broken [__] broken heart oh my Cod it's
been a minute I say I'm not B ATT s just
told me Steady hop in the pony
sacrifice Hyo double face teranoid down
and flip a coin I'm your monster I'm
your ti light look like fight taking the
yeah K double kill I'm that right up in
the Bon bring out the de so up in the
Bon bring out the
oh my God Judo in chat Judo I I'm G I'm
GNA message you later holy [__] wait
Judo you should do the art for the
song holy [__] wait that Be Kind of
Perfect J I'll message you
later H if if you're chill with this you
should do the art for the song it be
fire
you could do some you do you could do
some crazy [__] where because like we're
doing the we're doing the like the
the we're doing like the vector flourish
like friger metro
stuff I I think I think I think that'd
be fun I think be fun to see that in
your tile in your
style tile
CH guys let's do the Violet pony tour
but I only tour in Chile all right let's
do it
okay we we'll we'll do we'll we'll we'll
do the viop pony South America Tour and
we'll never do a North America
Tour I'll come to Brazil I'll come to
Chile I'll come to Argentina I'm out
here in Peru [__]
America [__] [__] [__] the United States
I
mean this might not even be a joke I
think I'd much prefer
that everywhere but the USA yes and
let's do an actual World Tour we
actually go places that isn't that isn't
like the US let's do
it what about Mexico yes yes I mean
Mexico's not South America quite but um
it's south of the
USA which means it's better Canada
even I don't know about Canada
dude like Argentina Brazil Chile Mexico
these are these are countries where
there are like interesting things I
don't really know if there's a lot of
like interesting stuff in
Canada like I guess you got cool
mountains or
something I can't really think of
anything else
like half my diet is Mexican food to be
honest with
you like I I would I would have a much
better time I'd have a much better time
down south than up in [__] Canada I
should go to to Paul I would [__]
love to go to Paul I'm just scared of
getting hate
crimes the PO looks
beautiful oh awesome short films are
fire slime Moog 28
I I think Brazil would be like the most
fun I think Brazil would be the most
fun Mexican Mexican food is like my
favorite and partially cuz like uh I
grew up around mostly Mexicans and
Filipinos and uh Pedro was is Mexican
obviously and uh I remember he bullied
me into trying Hort the first time at uh
our one of our classmates like taco
trucks and I was like I was changed
forever I was like 12 years old I was
changed
forever Pedra Pedro is like constantly
just like the realest one in the Violet
Pony lore I'm going to keep a roll with
you P Pedro lore is always the
best I tried tamales Yes actually
uh they they actually I I've had some
when I was in California and they do
Mexican food pretty pretty decently in
California especially in like San Diego
La
uh but what was funny is uh my parents
uh my my dad used
to uh like uh do stuff with like Pixar I
remember we we did a like a screening of
like Coco before it came out in theaters
and uh they had like the most like
bougie [__] tamales
there they us like like fancy dinner
dinner wear and like like like [__]
cloth napkins and [__] it's like this is
this is weird this does not feel right
this is
strange why am I eating this like it's a
$4 steak that's so
strange but uh yeah you get you get a
tamale from like a street vendor and
that shit's like
fire most of the best food in the world
you're going to find like a [__]
Corner Store
like just like on the street like you
don't you don't find that [__] in like
what was what was what was the Freddy
Wong video where it's like you go to a
Chinese restaurant if it has more than
like three 3.5 Stars don't go there
because it's like too too good for
tourists it's like tourist [__] like
actual place the places where people
give the [__] give a [__] about food
they don't give a [__] about you they
just give a [__] about making good food
that's all that matters why are you
there to go walk into some building and
act like everyone's your
servant if you want good food you can't
have people being a servant for you you
got to just like deal with
it okay let us start
gaming I realiz need to the screen share
as well
you're a screen
now your screen now okay turn on
Playstation we're cooking
today we're red we're redem we're
getting redeemed today or something to
that effect
also it's like cuz I'm Filipino and all
of the Filipino places that I've been to
that are like the most fire always look
like someone's [__] living room I
don't if anyone's Filipino in here do
you know what I mean like the only good
Filipino restaurant like the best one
you're going to find is like if the
place looks like someone's [__]
living room like your aunt's living room
or
something the best Filipino restaurant
you could go to is going to have a
[__] karaoke machine in the
corner and there's going to be like
bamboo readed curtains and [__] and it's
the carpet's going to be like the
dirtiest most disgusting thing ever but
then the food you eat there is going to
be [__] that changes your life so
like don't [__] don't [__] play
with Filipinos and their and their
karaoke
machines an father the karaoke I mean
I'm Filipino Anon is a canonically
Filipino
song I'm Filipino I was born in Daily
City I had like a I had like n out of 10
chance I was going to be born Filipino
just by being in Daily City
alone where's my
game let's do
this okay
[Music]
I was about to habitually like open up
Call of Duty I'm sorry
everybody guys I don't know how to say
this like elegantly but I got diamond
camo for my
snipers it's over dude it's over it's
over it's over it's
over do I have any like like insane
Clips do I have any like insane clips
secur this [__] Ain working we
lost
SEC y'all don't even see that person
that hit them secing Zone
a woo
come on you're losing this fight oh not
that
[__] take a
b love the combat
axe take a Bravo under Bravo yeah nice
we we be gaming
how relevant will quick scope be to love
and pony step I mean the lead single
from Love and py step is going to be
called my love as a quick scope so
I have to get in
[Music]
gear I do have Takis as well I might
might break those out at some point soon
[Music]
we are we are indeed sponsored
today oh that's right we're here not in
Valentine
anymore we caught that one guy and then
what great
cuz we're investigating the Rival
families okay so last time you refused
to fish with the boys I sure as hell did
don't give a [__] about the
boys so
$300
$60 can a horse eat Takis I am and I
will so go up there I need to be
like I need to be like clothed
up and this is locked because of the
bounty if I pay the Bounty I can't go
here
huh is that the
deal I don't have bounties everywhere I
don't know I just be killing
people my Valentine's this is a great I
made Ableton
Pony wait that
I for for better for for the health of
everyone no one has Twitter which is a
good thing it's a good thing that no one
has Twitter but also because no one has
Twitter you guys don't get to see my
incredible posts uh don't get Twitter by
the way please avoid Twitter at all
times but I made operator the ablon pony
today
I think they're kind of
awesome use blue SK lesser evil the
Lesser evil is getting the [__] off of
social media in
general don't worry I I'm going to start
posting on my channel again
more uh we're doing uh we're we're doing
some stuff for her Lov and& Pony step
and uh I think we're trying to do a
music video
collectively with the pill with with
with the pilford squad we we're doing a
music video I think and I've been I've
been playing Cod to like clip Farm [__]
because I'm going to I'm going to make
an official Violet Pony music video with
like actual quick scope we're going
to we're we're going to
do we're we're we're going to have
actual like gun sync [__] as an official
Violet Pony thing which is
great okay so we need to go
to I'm so interested about I'm going to
see if I can pay
this $277
I think the thing that sucks is like
with a quick scoping sometimes I get
like days where I'm like stomping the
[__] out of people and sometimes I get
days where I can't even figure out how
to use a
gun like it's amazing the contrast I
either play Incredible or I play like
ass I I can't do anything in
between hey last time I tried to play
COD on stream I did pretty well like it
was actually I was actually doing pretty
decently and then like the moment I was
off stream I started to play again I was
like losing everything constantly ah
welcome back
sir good Lord it can't be worth
it good
Lord also you would think it's the
opposite I do worse on stream and then
better off stream but it it was uh was
quite the opposite this this past time
okay so Valentine's still going to be
locked
yeah oh no it's
still I can't go
there that's
funny
uh-huh now why do I have a $300 Bounty
strawberry but I can still like go there
I'm going I'm going to go to Valentine I
want see what
happens I'm going to walk in this gu be
a good [__] god Arthur what are you
doing in
here ah something
else yeah
bro here you
go now what's going to happen how will
people react to me being here
[Music]
who's trying to hop on Hello Kitty
Adventure
Island yeah the train is just a cut
scene I was saying that I wish like they
would let you go from point A to point B
and you can just like sit on the train
and just like look at
[__] I would want you to be able to opt
out of that but like you could either
have just the cut scene or you could
just like sit there but like the fact
that you don't have the option is kind
of
sad yeah you could literally go from
like point A to point B on a horseback
perfectly fine no loading screen
whatsoever all right let's see what
happens when I walk out
here oh what in tarnation you think
you're doing
here somebody
please
hello I got real bad nerves I can't work
can you give me some money
hop on death just want to get a drink no
[__] death grip is breaking up I feel
like I expected this for like the past
couple years but it actually like
basically happen it's crazy I'm
pared yeah I I am I usually prefer games
to be efficient where they need to be
um I I in contrast to the there are
parts of this game that remind me of uh
Horizon zero
Dawn cuz I played Horizon zero Dawn way
back when it came out and I was
remembering that the a lot of the
Looting and stuff in Horizon was really
[__] annoying and really slow
paced um there are some great parts of
that game but like holy [__] like the
the busy work they give you in Horizon 3
Dawn is crazy meanwhile the game play is
still slow here and Red Dead Redemption
2 but it doesn't feel annoying I don't
know what exactly makes it different
from like how annoying Horizon TI Dawn
was in the same fashion but I feel like
it's because they give you like story
purposes and like more immersion to
cling on to with a game like this if
that makes
sense so yeah the fact that you can't
just like hang out on the train like I
I've been playing this game very slow
and I'm enjoying it so much more for
that reason um fact that the trains just
like teleport this is
crazy hey
buddy yeah hey mister Mr Arthur why you
always so mad you're crazy all that
shooting and they said I was crazy I'm
not crazy not like
you you beat up the big
fella he wants beat me up I asked for
it you think you're real crazy
mister are you really calling me crazy I
fought in a war mister I
did sent me strange seeing all
them fellas die which war was that
exactly a bad one Mr Arthur oh a real
bad there's good Wars
I I saw terrible things sorry just just
for like the merciless killer that
Arthur is just said like the realest
[__] about about being anti-militarism
I ain't been the same
since I get I get
funny I'll go now don't act crazy
now wholesome War we've been trying to
do this thing on pill cord where we're
like [__] posting like it's 2018 and
it's like causing so much pain and the
one of the worst ones is Fluffy keeps
sending
the the
the what's his [__]
name oh why am I forgetting his
name he's the he's the [__] cyber
punk
guy and the Matrix guy why ke Raves
fluffy keeps sending ke Reeves wholesome
100 your breathtaking
fluffy keeps sending this and it's like
hurting me physically like every single
time I see it I get a stomach ache but
it's part of the bit we have to like
pretend it's 2018 in like the chat it's
like
painful um 20 2018 has already started
we already got four great
memes fluffy is none of us are redditors
that's the funny part about
it it's like we're [__] posting like
it's Reddit in 2018
wait that's my horse
yes whoa hello
mister so can I really just walk around
here after shooting everyone
up I
mean why am I surprised this America
how's it
going hey
friend I'm glad 2018 is 7 years
ago it it should be longer ago
take you me
yeah you're a strong one
boy well you be happen to know Benedict
Albright was cursing you till his
last hey
Sheriff nice around here I'm kind of new
to these parts m
M there the meet man still love
me
hello everyone here is so kind well I
did shoot up rich people not actually
people that
man hey there pal can you help me
no use some help finding my way
home me
I live in front of the saloon next to
the freight
station you know uh well thanks
any what are you doing
here give me this speaks for itself
little salt and open fire you're good to
go P the pandemic never really stopped
though the pandemic never stops no now
boy oh please don't run over the dog
Arthur wait that guy was like
going oh
wasn't this guy like insane two seconds
ago is now he's walking just
fine or is that a different
guy no that's the
guy
okay you know how we cough cough
pleas yes 1,000 years of blood to keep
you rich with money
yes Mister you okay
boy okay so we can go to Valentine now I
don't have anything to do here right now
though letting the days go by letting
the days go by letting the days go by
letting the days go by underwater
underwater underwater underwater it'll
take more than that boy
sure
will that's a big potato good
[Music]
work sing a song about
vacine hello I'm climbing
this I'm climbing
this a th000 miles I want to cover that
song
still be momentarily come here bronut
come
on farewell on your travels how about
you
[Applause]
[Music]
sing a song about oh is nobody listening
oh okay this is what we call uh uh
rejection Doria and the things that
mentally destroy
us come on
no no go on complete the bit that was
the
bit sing a song about
[Music]
for bean are you dabbing in my [__]
chat get
L okay this is my horse
yes don't all dab and chat time to go
boy you know what I this is why I got to
ignore [__] cuz if I say that everyone's
going to start doing
it I got to shut my stupid ass that's a
ladder that goes into the bank
M that's
class oh is that a vape pen give me that
[__] just
gun oh
oh he's oh he's kind of
uh what on Earth are you doing I'm
looking at a potato
card why is the is the cheese trap box
that's emot
oh what
the I can open these
here Creek flow P Creek flow masks up
Craig flow gets the jab with a scythe
shaped injection
unit I going to say apparat you okay
boy how was your look Bean why are you
capturing no B
I'm going to merge without looking sorry
boy good
my
boy
[Applause]
wo you boys don't run much huh don't
drink some moonshine you damn
LS you stay off our
God go for you sons of [__] get back
here and face us like a man C
this thinking about
here oh forget it keep gone we're going
to catch all kinds of Hell from the
sheriff over this what happened what was
that who the hell are you boy
I was just passing through don't mean to
intrude on your
politics damn
jackass
no what what manner
of what's your [__]
problem what was all that dud you're
fine
settle down
boy should
I I I got for F1
15 can we open this
there
boy that's my boy what do you want this
here the gray Plantation yep kiga Hall
and that's as close as you're getting to
it hey look I've been helping the
sheriff with some trouble wanted me to
have a word with few of the folks on the
property here damn it
Lee all right I have a word but I ain't
got the time to help you
obliged what are you waiting for the sh
I'm I'm
going let me
walk do I have
dynamite oh it won't let me pull out
weapons here
hey uh I was hoping you'd talk a moment
I'm a student of the history of the
region and uh I ain't the one to speak
to try Master B think he's down there by
the wood store boys got all the time in
the
world and where is that oh that's what I
thought
this place is practically like a
[Music]
town okay
huh I'll see you at the Sheriff's Office
excuse me friend we friends not yet but
he is hoping I guess we don't get a lot
of traveling men here then suddenly
there's a whole faank of mysterious but
strangely helpful Yankees about the
place is there what are you doing here I
was just looking for work well looking
for something don't worry your secret's
safe with me what secret I got a secret
of my own are you secretly normal excuse
me never mind the thing is I don't okay
if you killed the whole lot of us and
the braith weights I don't want to kill
anyone I love her you know love who
Penelope but it's impossible love tends
to be
complicated she's a braith weight I'm Bo
gray son of tavish gray nephew of Lee
gray the sheriff grandson of old Murdo
gray we Grays have been loyal to the
state and murderous to the braith
weights for so long now no one can even
quite explain why Beyond blind loyalty
and stupidity I'm supposed to be loyal
to some nonsense while
she she's amazing she's like a woman
from the future she's like tomorrow if
tomorrow turns out fine well I'm sorry
for your predicament would you help I
don't want to get involved gang feuds
seems unseemly I'll pay I've got money
we graze we've always got money no
brains mine but money well in that case
I know she loves to sit out in the Gaz
Zebo on the edge of the braith weight
property take her this letter and this
bracelet
please why are we doing this oh look out
for their guards they're worse with
strangers than ours
are so long and good
luck I want to walk into these
places can
I when the windows are blacked out like
that I feel like that means
no no okay okay stop
Arthur you see is a closed door it's not
opening trying to slam it
immediately where the [__] did my horse
go
where's my [__] horse hey you better
follow that order
right there he comes how the [__] he get
over
here I horse yet come
on not a big deal why are you walking
like
this hey heab
[Music]
boy yep
this a great soundtrack no other
commentary just soundtrack's great
[Music]
what I like about the soundtrack a lot
is that it doesn't like try too hard to
sound like a spaghetti western it has
like a lot of different
like new and old Styles Al like modern
production and old instrumentation it's
very unique
[Music]
a
[Applause]
[Music]
I see the gazebo
pagato
[Music]
Mi I did not see that one
are you Penelope braith weight well yes
I am I've got a letter for you oh
and a gift a letter and a gift that's
well we don't even know each other well
it's not from me it's from uh from
Bo oh he is so
strange yes he's a little strange but
also so human the rest of our families
are stuck in the Dark Ages or I don't
know cave people perhaps Bow's different
but if they find out they'll kill him
and send me to live someplace awful like
Ohio
oh have you ever been to Ohio sir no
well neither have I but my uncle has a
factory there he was sort of the black
sheep on account of having left but now
they tolerate him because he's a vicious
snob families are are they's something
else you got a family sir no not really
well they tolerate him because of the
money but me with my ideas above my
station they can't stand that sounds
pretty complicated I I don't know quite
what to say well nothing to say except I
hope they all
rot hell yeah I don't uh well maybe a
bit but here if you see Bo again will
you give this to him sure
did I take a boat
[Music]
box box
I can take a
boat I didn't think I
[Music]
could but how long will this
take ex work 47
[Music]
[Applause]
I have my boating license don't worry
extra this isn't the UK
[Music]
what this isn't Bikini Bottom either
[Applause]
I'm actually very surprised that I can
that that work
that's that's Works can I Beach
it it doesn't let me beach
it damn
what are
you oh God damn
it
muskrat there he
is he owns Tesla
now here's a
question how do I
leave wait
is that it or is that something else
can it do
[Applause]
that that's for Twitter you bozo
let's
go oh it's good oh and I got stringy
meat oh and I got sent
glands that was awesome how do I
leave I don't want to get back on the
boat
again dude I was about to call him Phil
I don't know why I about to say Phil
stop
slipping what are
you you're beautiful
oh it's so
beautiful I love turtle
okay how do I
leave let's take the boat again or what
don't play that music
[Music]
I guess I better go all
in poor gu we're going to go way deep in
the [__] water
nice little bath for Arthur I mean
Phil what are you what are you
[Music]
hey
that's not our camp is
it oh it
is
oh I get it
I think I need The
Boat Boat
[Applause]
time Arthur eat a food
[Music]
and litter please you're a
raccoon Arthur I know you are like a
little kitty but it's time for you to go
into the water
can I walk in and like grab a fish can I
do
that Arthur is totally meow
meow you guys know it
he's the bisexual
I thought I told you never to come
around here
again but can I can I use the
rope I mean I
can that's probably not very useful on
the r
no you're
okay wait I mean there's always a second
try
[Applause]
right all right
you got this you are the boat
legend wait we could fish in the middle
of the river yeah
h
[Music]
I am the sther
now announcing re ller
try colored
heron I feel like I'm learning more
about ecology in this game than I ever
did in
[Music]
school games that make you want to go
inside and look at nature as you were
intended to for the past billions of
years until Society evolved
[Music]
oh you ain't going what
the why don't you mind your business and
keep walking huh don't have to tell me
twice that's right went along now
I got to get my horse shut I know how to
come
on okay why don't you should damn lock
can't be done with and have it bounced
off and hit me you don't know what
you're talking
about sometime before I turn to old to
spend it would be nice I don't see you
doing nothing except talking all manner
of here's here's the weird thing the
fact that they're mad the moment I go
there when it's like guys I could help
you open it you know
but you don't get the option to help
people Rob sh you can only Rob people
yourself like I I would love to just do
it for them and walk away they don't
even want to do that
that is a
creature
oh it's useless
there you dare
more that's good
boy reunited with my
horse this horse has no concept of
capitalism there it is pirate
how you doing
boy all
[Music]
lights are on someone Lo here
where is
everyone uhhuh
well I don't know who lives
here I'm just going to
yeah he
yeah wow
here we
going do
that I guess we'll go to B
gray
bones wait
bones that's not for the bones
lady I guess it used to be dinosaur
bones and not probably a cow
bones why is Ry Savage talking to me
about B
right we got the spook Zone in the Cal
Zone
Bam Bam Bam value value value oh [__] my
arm right that's the guy from
Venusaur you're a good boy
[Music]
I I all right there boy [__]
care
yeah okay there
[Music]
[Applause]
okay I have a question is there a way to
turn off the Quick Draw button because
that it's always making be anxious to
put my finger down on the the right
[Music]
trigger I was just thinking maybe
there's a way to turn that
[Music]
off aim w
I don't know what I'm doing
[Music]
yeah I I don't think
so oh well more
uh bigger discipline for me then
[Music]
[Applause]
why would I say vient great family
business coming through you're good
he
good
easy
boy easy
boy you got my
money sure
did she give anything for me yes might I
have it sure but it'll cost
you ah I can't be bothered here take it
oh thank you Arthur y thank
you my
God what a
woman she's this will get her killed for
sure
what women's suffrage around here they
don't even like men voting they bring
back the monarchy given half the chance
progress is a dirty word in these parts
unlike incest excuse me I don't want to
marry my cousin Matilda I want to marry
Penelope but they're going to they'll
kill her at one of those rallies they're
holding they've done it before Mr you
got to help no I'm afraid I don't want
no part of it I'll pay my family we
still got some money
fine just no more running around with
letters thank you come on you better get
going that's just rich people
man yeah this like this is like the only
normal guy in the whole video game up
right come on come on yeah we'll go
around the property and take the road to
town how you doing
boy easy boy calm down I can't be calm
if we don't get there in time my true
love may be shot if he wants to Rally he
got to let her rally well good as the
cause is I can't let her become a modder
to it I want a marry a flesh and blood
woman not a statue in her honor I'm sure
they know what they're
[Music]
doing there there they
[Applause]
are Bo what are you doing here I cannot
let you go through with this you'll be
killed I just [__] PR to die for the
cause you know
that do something please what fight this
my we must begin they leave me alive
this is no laughing matter sir they need
protecting from certain
elements mostly my family Penelope I beg
you I'll tell you what your friend here
can drive the wagon for us will allow us
to shout all the louder
ho miss
calh miss calhoon my friend here says he
can drive the wagon well Olive Calhoun
normally I like to drive myself but
today I feel like a man joining us sends
the right message well I ain't never
been in a protest March before Madam
well just treat us like the sheep and
the folks attacking us like the wolves
and I'm sure sure you'll feel right at
home shall we
go all right
ladies we know our song is a good one
and we know our cause is a pure one
Arthur is kind of
rain can come to the
fun take us down Main Street right
through town to the steps of the bank of
Road Mr what was your name
Morgan very good Mr Morgan not too quick
and not too and he gave him they gave
them his real name too voice well
they'll hear it all
right very good very good Mr Morgan are
you an old friend of the movement I'm
just a driver Mrs calhon maybe a shot
gun messenger if it comes to it I hope
it won't our message will be delivered p
Mr Morgan you can keep your shotgun to
yourself stay on Main Street it's a left
up here Mr Morgan look at these people
it's about to get exciting I can feel it
I
believe good day
Sheriff I trust you make sure it's a
peaceful
[Applause]
assembly you Dam ass
oh don't give it a rest you sorry fool
Mr Morgan I give you the male of the
species that's a pretty dumb specimen I
grant it a little further please stop
just past the bank those are the steps
Mr Morgan stop in front there and then
all you need to do is listen ladies
[Applause]
[Music]
causing all this
trouble well ladies and gentlemen this
is a great day for all of us for today
is the day we begin to live as equ
equal yes equal sir fair and equal this
is unnatural this is
nonsense Fair equal and free just as the
founding fathers intended founding
fathers not founding mothers you silly
Old
Goat his philosophy dependent ony what
the hell you doing here boy keep your
voice down I'm trying to listen to the
speech Hello darling cousin don't you
ever speak to me like that what are you
doing here listening I suppose go help
Bo his cousin is a [__] and stop them
from ruining the
speech you learn yourself some manners
cousin haven't you got anything better
to do oh you always was fcking little
weren't we just
leaving who the hell is this about my
follow me Ronnie or what you'll hit me
come on can you not see how idiotic you
are come on Bo let's go quick
now we are we got to go before they
think twice oh Lord follow me I know a
place it's an old Battlefield no one
goes to a land of equality a land of
progress look at the beautiful land we
have built
want to go back and hear the
speeches I ain't voted before but kind
of getting hot for voting rights I don't
know whether to take you seriously Mr
Morgan my cousins are my primary concern
right now if everyone knows about
Penelope and me everyone knows about
Penelope and you I know about Penelope
and you and I've been here all in 10
minutes sooner it's out sooner it's
resolved the sooner it's dealt with you
mean we're dealt with our families the
gravs and the braith weights we bury our
secrets and we bury them deep your
secrets and your treasure you know
Catherine braith weight's got a daughter
no one's seen her in years she W right
you know and panopy said I ain't heard
about daughters I heard about gold but
Yankee Arthur Moran advocating for
women's rights as TR as [__] earlier
there there people in this game who keep
calling him like effeminate etc etc etc
I feel like that's just because of like
stuff like this it's like people can I
don't know people are clocking him as as
a just I don't know I that's just a
story Mr Morgan I don't know it's a
question there boy
women's right
activists I mean they are misogynists
and he's not I say don't think
so this is awful nobody died ain't that
awful my cousins are vindictive bastards
my brothers are vindictive bastards my
cousins are worse they started it I know
but you should
leave I will as soon as I have enough
money when my family we have money but I
don't is your family very rich yes well
I believe so but uh they keep me out of
the discussions I have more of a
artistic temperament so oh is that what
they call it yes oh you made a joke I
really love her I do well stick around
maybe you can die for her as well I
thought you were trying to make me feel
better look I got to go me too oh damn
I'm going to be late my uncle is quite
as bad as you would imagine here your
payment thank you excuse
me $30
all right I guess I'll go see Dutch then
[Music]
there my
boy thought we were looking after his
wife yeah that's what I was thinking too
but she did ask us to stop the thing
there boy I'm going to go back there
anyway and see what
[Music]
yeah oh you and your big ass carriage
good
[Music]
boy where' everyone
go damn folk W leave me the hell alone
hey
folks good morning to you
sir wow are you standing
there
class you know where to find us if you
change your
mind where' they go
can't wait to see what competent gaml
I'm so
sorry oh my God it's a meat
man can I help
you give me a prime re Prime re re join
thank you
thanks
partner what the [__] it's the meat man
hello
there hello I don't want no trouble no
no no no no no no please don't go please
don't go why you dressed up like
that I've seen some sick perversions in
my time this one might take the
prize no no wait
please got to help me it's that crazy
gunsmith he made me dress up like this
he's got me chained to the goddamn
what do you mean oh God this guy you got
to do something please he's never going
to let me
go
oh jez you got to get me out of here
Arthur your
head remember that nope
jump through the window I don't think I
can now I'm smashing the
window welcome your first time in my
shop some ammunitions on the shelves but
I keep the guns locked take a look at
the catalog and I'll pull out anything
you'd like to see
why does it look like a Harry stop
it speaking of which I do think we're
getting uh I think I think we're getting
lenville Brown on L Pony step the disum
narrator I think we're getting him on
the
album hey that area is for me
only yeah don't need that kind of
behavior in
here something twisted up in you huh
God damn you leave
now I won't do business with you and I
don't want you in here so go
on okay partner whatever you
say okay wait
is that were already to
yes yeah I was going to have lvol brown
do like a narration
[Music]
thing I was going to have it like kind
of be a disco elium reference itself and
have it like work throughout the album
as part of the narrative structure
[Music]
we've got that we've got sadistic tushi
we the the the [__] album stacked
dude all this for a Cheesy brostep pop
[Music]
album where am I
why you dressed up like
that I've seen some sick perversions in
my time and this one might take the
prize wait
please you got to help me
it's that crazy
gunsmith he made me dress up like this
he's got me chained to the goddamn
bird you got to do something please he's
never going to let me go
welcome come have a look
around let's have a look in
here that's suspicious about the new
faces in town roads is welcoming to be
sure but we can't just let all types
have their
way okay well maybe some other time up
hey no customers over
there oh hey that's a piss po move I
want to see what's in that basement of
yours show me right now nothing of no
worse down there I swear why don't I be
the judge of that open it now all right
all
right I ain't got nothing to
hide I got my boy sleeping down there
I'm such a shame to wake him you know
you can always come back after he wakes
[Music]
up you just to stay away from me now
what I tell you about talking to your PA
that
way oh oh thank
God don't shoot me please just just
leave us
me just [__] that the hell is going on
here he was being a bad little boy
stealing candy from the store again it's
for his own good I'm not your little boy
you mad son of a
[__] how do I keep
questioning please please help me he
he's got me chained up
here don't take him away from me he's
all I got
why are you wearing that sailor suit
that crazy maniac put me in it he thinks
I'm his kid's son kidnapped me he did do
I look like a kid always in such a rush
to grow up these days aren't
they how do I how do I get him out don't
listen to that Maniac he ain't my
father I
can't oh finally thank you thank
you you SI I'm
sorry please forgive
me I know it was wrong I just couldn't
face that he was
[Music]
gone I was teaching Sammy how to hold
the rifle proper out by the
river The
Recoil shot him backwards
he slipped into the
river the water pulled him Downstream so
quick it all happened so fast I didn't
know what to
do I searched up and down that River
Bank for
days but I couldn't find my boy I just
miss him so
much and you
you remind me of him you look just like
him I'm so
sorry please forgive me it's too late
for
apologies you just count yourself lucky
that I don't kill you for what you
did don't know what else you want from
me take what you want I don't care
anymore all
right first someone look like Oliver
tree is the worst thing you can
do shut
up don't say
that I mean you're right but like don't
say
that is that
it liar
all right
bye I mean that's the kind of [__] you
expect from don't trade on me let's say
this cash
register this guy just let me try all
over
him oh [__] you [__] you I'm
normal wow never
mind close
it can't do it
oh
well yeah robbing from the kidnapper is
low honor like come
on I'm running out get him right
here that was a nice looking gun
though hey what's
this [__] sucking bastard hope he CHS on
one I've heard the same
thing hello a very good morning to you
you having a good
time excuse me Barner you break the
piece here again going to end bad for
you I ain't looking for trouble I assure
you uhhuh
yep yep well
[Applause]
hey there partner fine
morning all right I fixed my honor let's
back
up I got my money up my honor up and my
church up LA traffic in a nutshell just
one more H just one more Lane
guys one more
Lane all right let's go talk to Dutch
this is
awesome time to get your what a glorious
day just happy it ain't the
rain what a glorious day in [__] one
horse
traffic check this you ready for this
you ready for this hey
man there's that Thug I was telling you
about well I never
you don't want to miss
this oh I
didn't that's a big
horse that's a big
one I I'm looking for my mate
Gavin somebody help me I'm looking for
my mate
Gavin I've lost my friend of course of
horse and here is my dear friend Arthur
Callahan boy is a hunter boy is a killer
Arthur you've met but not been
introduced to Mr oh I'm so sorry sheriff
gr how are you doing sir I'm fine tough
business you boys had we did oh there's
no need to pretend with me sir life can
be tough so it can and no man owes
another anything no sir but still I feel
you were hard done by losing your
employment like that but still here in
roads we have work enough for honest
men a that's some strong stuff still
don't seem to be doing you any harm I
guess exactly excuse me a
moment I told you we was moving up in
this world
deputes you have finally lost your mind
amongst these drunkards Hillbillies and
slavers good honest thieves like us were
bound to be moralizers in a place like
this oh sheriff gray you are back now
listen
sir there is shine in them Woods though
and it is cost in this County it's good
name and the state a whole lot of income
you boys wouldn't mind rooting it out
maybe we'll make you
permanent I got to set me down a second
not a problem sir not a problem at all
you are in safe hands now and people
waste time with the temperance movement
liquor never DED a good man's
senses Arthur you ride with the deputy
bill and I will
follow clim on up let's go
God D of the
cops how are
you pretty good and your friend is
behaving himself
oh yes I think he's learned his lesson
congratulations on becoming a
temporarily deputized citizen of scarlet
Meadows County most towns just get
bounty hunters to do their dirty work
these days but Sheriff gray believes the
law should keep the law now I'm sure I
don't need to remind you there's a chain
of command here there is dang straight
there is this is a dangerous business
but follow my lead and you'll be just
fine
sure hey archal wants to remind us he's
in charge here of course who else would
be but you were a big help with them
Anderson boys and I put in a very good
word with the sheriff on your behalf we
appreciate that we rounded up the others
soon after I'm pushing for the Rope
myself but that's by the by so these
Moonshiners not just any Moonshiners
braith weights I told you about the
braith weights pretty sure you did old
Cotton family had a fortune at one point
until well few changes in the labor laws
now they're dealing in moonshine we
found their Stills hidden all over Le
Moine quick as we destroy one another
one pops up you could call it a pitiful
Fall From Grace if they had any Grace to
start
with something something
something fact that Catherine braith
weight has a rather expensive interest
in thoroughbred horses to maintain but I
heard something about about it being
gold these families were fighting over
well that's the rumor but the Grays and
the braith weights think the others
stole a fortune from them but it
happened so long ago I don't know for
sure if it's true must be tough being
rich huh so I imagine that badge rather
suits you Mr W yes I thought so too does
it feel good to be back at it serving
your country I wouldn't go that far
whoa
whoa hold
up you see that
wagon
whoa these damn
flies I swear they got it in for me you
could try washing once in a while come
on mister
keep your eyes
open oh this must have happened
recently hey come have a look at
this Deputy get over here
please look
suit and tie one bullet clean through
the forehead on my money says this is
the handiwork of a gang called the Le Mo
Raiders yeah I've run into
them let's see if we've got any
identification okay we should get
going I'll send someone over here later
to clean this up
detective Arthur yeah we're disco
eliam just disco
willium
okay oh now I'm on that
side would you mind taking the Rings I
want to have a look at these papers sure
I'll direct
you okay Frederick Mitchell Le Mo state
legislator poor fell you ain't exactly
an aggressive driver are
you yes this certainly smacks of the
Raiders to me bunch of X army free
Staters without an ounce of respect for
the law that's seven government
officials they've murdered this year
alone yep not the nicest feathers in my
experience oh and I know the braith
weights are in business with them no
shame trash begets trash my uncle
Reginal used to say he had a few stories
let me tell you Town preacher and town
sheriff could drink a sailor under the
table before breakfast he had one tiny
hand like a child on the end of a grown
man's arm go right at the crossroads but
anyway this tells you what kind of
people the braith weights are selling
moonshine to murderers I tell folks
don't even speak to him don't even look
him in the eye I'm sure or I
wouldn't what's all
this Bear right again here
not only do I have a song called elesium
I have a song called equestrian
elesium from 2013 or
2014 even older
here we are so what was I
saying something about the brace weights
just say even saying that word makes me
sick now anyone we find here we bring in
alive understood round them up and take
this operation what was I saying ah
down for good come on let's see what
we're dealing
with see see what did I tell you boys
what did I say I said this place was
crawling with Vermin and we just found
our sells The Rat's Nest par Excellence
as they say in Paris my aunt she went to
Paris back in 78 handle this well the
way I actually let my friend here decide
he doesn't have your fine way with words
but he is definitely the man for the job
let's split up Arthur and Bill me and
archal you boys want right or
[Music]
left we'll take the lay
let's stop these filthy degenerate tax
Dodgers the che of them a f
night remember what he said we need them
alive let's just knock them out then tie
them up got it Deputy Williamson
[Music]
see one by the bridge over
there also hearing Dutch like tax
Dodgers like that's not his favorite
thing to
[Music]
do I think you take this one bill with
pleasure
[Music]
come here
which moonshine at
[Music]
get wagon
hell
yeah good work gentlemen
[Music]
these guys are so
quiet just drop him with the
others I think that's it well what do we
do
now we better destroy all this any of
your boys can handle explosives sure
anyone but him oh think you're real
funny don't you about that is the last
time I'll mention it I swear yeah I'm
sure
[Music]
please tell me you're almost done Arthur
sure
just a
[Music]
second it's right
there hey that belongs to the Lor
Raiders you sons of [__]
[__] we got men over
here this is what I stand up
for that was too damn close
give me a hand with these
bastards I take the law around
here all boys we're putting you out of
business
[Music]
help it's a real F now
boy look out we got more coming
up wo
[Music]
you go to shake hands
a
more clear them
out you f folks who die for
something
[Music]
snap now you got my
backup get the hell a
[Music]
is that all you
guys I don't see anym do you no let's
find Dutch and get out of here F by me
[Music]
quick let's go before any more show
up I can't play as cops are we really
switching
sides
uh complicated answer
well
done well forgive me but me and my men
must return to our lives ah seems like
we failed to destroy the last of the
Moonshine sure would you like us to I
normally take it for personal
consumption it's sort of part of the
job but I better get back home why don't
I just take a jug or two and leave you
boys the rest to show that there's no
hard feelings on account of the war we
are all Americans of
course my cousin
Webster he used to say some of us is not
as American as others if you know what I
mean only I didn't
quiet come on you degenerate no good
white trash Hill Billy piece scum I know
you Billy lime you've always been a
finally come on move we have a light on
a land so stupid a back water so
backwards that even we are like
Geniuses Bill get this stuff out of here
come on you ride with me
okay should I stash this somewhere near
Camp off yes show it to Hosea I'm sure
he can find a use for it bit of trouble
back there Arthur ain't there always
from what they was yelling I think they
were the buyers old archal didn't ask
too many questions so neither should we
I ain't planning to that wasn't worth
the effort though deputized and hiding
in plain sight these lawmen these two
families I mean I really think we can
play this from all sides it's got Hosea
written all over it this is starting to
sound like the young Dutch again what do
you mean young Dutch I'm as strong as I
have ever been hey you know what why
don't I race you
back okay you're are that's the spirit
okay on my word set
go I'm on
boy
y you never were much of a rider we'll
see about
[Music]
that yeah you all right there boy
what are you going to start blaming that
horse that's how it usually
goes
boy d
how you doing
boy I don't think I can wait I don't
think I can you can't win this won't be
much of a race I'm just picking my
moment
[Music]
D you're a good boy
good
boy s Arthur this ain't looking good for
you okay there boy
there
[Music]
boy well down oh I am sorry son well
spare the gloating Dutch oh I'm not a
gloater why would I laugh at the fact
that you haven't learned after all these
years to ride a horse very well that is
a source of great sorrow to me very
funny I have fun with you today be well
here well I was going to say you're like
a son to
me but you're more than
that you know I think I've heard enough
of your opinions Miss is that so yeah
now make yourself useful and the first
part of useful is not driving me ins
with your constant complaining I ain't
complaining you are okay complain
complain
complain I ain't leave some drink for
the rest of us cheers to you too
English say whatever you damn well
please but I tell you if I don't get out
of here soon I'm going to kill somebody
and if you don't stop hissing at me I'm
going to kill you what is wrong with you
two I ain't chopping vegetables for a
living oh I'm sorry madam was there
insufficient feathers in your pillow I
ain't lazy Mr Morgan I'll work but not
this well ain't cooking
work my husband and I we shared the work
all of it
I was out in the fields I can hunt carry
a knife or use a gun but I tell you you
keep me here I'll skin this fat Old Co
and serve him for dinner your damn mouth
you crazy goddamn fish wife ner both of
you well come with me then you want to
head out there run with the
man so be it but we do more than just
hunting we're
hunted and them things hun now so they
got guns of their own I ain't afraid of
dying
good you need anything Mr
Pearson maybe me and Miss zad are going
to take a little
ride yeah sure here's my list and can
you post this letter for me while you're
there sure come on
princess are you coming with me then
woman
so I've graduated from chopping
vegetables to shopping shut your God
damn
mouth you cool down then yet I guess now
I ain't no skull yet and I sure as hell
ain't taking orders from that W and half
wet I guess we all got to do our share
princess where's that letter oh you
reading his mail now oh Robin and
killing's okay but letter reading's
where we draw the
line
there dear Aunt Kathy you are some El I
haven't heard from you in some time so I
pray to the Lord above that your health
has not deteriorated further blah blah
blah it's
boring wait a sec listen to this since
we last corresponded I have traveled
widely making no small name for
myself before you ask I am still yet to
take a wife but I can assure you it's
not for a lack of suitors
you ever actually even talk to a woman
he ain't paid for look we're all had
behind
something and what's this return to
tacitus pilo oh that that's Dutch's idea
all males sent to the same
aliens whenever we set up somewhere new
Strauss he heads into town tell them to
start expecting maale from a tacus
Kilgore whatever they changed it to
here give me that back we got work to
[Music]
do okay here we are so what's the plan I
shoot the shopkeeper while you you
insane I thought we was Outlaws Outlaws
not idiots we rob fools that Rob other
people these people they're just trying
to get by so you head on in there and
you buy some food to eat and no guns you
sure this time there'll be time for
killing soon enough what are you doing
I'm going to go check the mail nothing
exciting
yeah hello boy what did you get there
nothing what do you mean nothing what's
in the parsel look it's some ointment
all right for a private matter
can I help you mister yes I would like
to post a letter all
right okay no trouble thank you bye now
bye now
that guy he got the Miracle hand cream
from Tommy
banana uh-oh
Mister you look pretty drunk
partner take care of
yourself uh you hurry up already I'm
working what is taking you so long
listen lady I got it all in the wagon
there I could train my goat to do this
faster I think this is everything thanks
here take that for yourself
okay thanks well give it back then Jesus
I didn't ask for his goddamn help that
don't surprise me at
all okay get on I'm about done here is
that a new
outfit why don't you drive okay come on
lady get a move on I like sad not lady I
know yeah so you get everything I think
so and some new clothes I see don't
start I can wear what I damn well want
like I told you my husband and I shared
all the work I wasn't some little WI
with a flower in her hair baking cherry
pies all day yeah I don't doubt that you
sure look the part now won't be long
before you're smoking cigars and playing
the harmonica I'll have you know I used
to love playing the harmonica
before well my house and everything I
own got burned to the
ground I
know I'm real sorry I have one about
what you
you
know maybe I'll keep my eye out for
another one I don't want no pity just
treat me equal and know nobody's taking
nothing from me ever again
mhm just don't kill the camp cook
please hey there hey what uh what you
folks up to just heading home you're in
the mo Raider country keep it cool you
need to pay a toll to pass through here
no I don't think so you don't think so
how about you pull over right now pull
over that's what I said hey how's about
this go go go [__] let's get the hell
out of here
go shoot
a want to do it what the hell was that
they was going to rob
us I'm going to run this son of a [__]
down if you're well you wanted to see
some action lady now you got your wish
the
[Music]
okay there Shady of course you think I
can't handle these
[Music]
fools again told you I just new gun
didn't I I don't remember asking you to
prove there see not many Still Standing
now who wants pay a goddamn toll is you
sons of
[__] lady you are enjoying this hard
too
much yeah you run you goddamn coward I
think we're good here arur St shooting
all right I'll drive us
back she's kind of
awesome no pass those range here why
because you've caused enough trouble
already I'm fine
hey you want me to
drive we showed those bastards huh
remind me not to get on your bad side
and they was clearly planning to
bushwack us you did good but that's a
lot of mess to make near Camp never
going to get there at this
place hope it don't bring anyone
sniffing around are you going to tell
Dutch maybe if he
ask but maybe
not so who did they say they were L Moy
Raiders yeah I've run into them before
some local gang don't seem to have grown
out of playing
soldiers
anyway don't you go upset and pearcing
about that letter how dare you I
wouldn't dream of it right you wouldn't
I have traveled widely making no small
name for myself I won't giving you no
mail to post anytime soon that's for
sure I just want to peek in that journal
of yours the Mind BS not a
[Music]
chance you didn't get yourself killed
then miss
not quite well I'd like to say I missed
your refined conversations but I'd be
lying H I enjoyed myself out there yes
we uh Mrs Adler did okay at shopping yes
at shopping thank you Mr Morgan don't
mention it I would ride with you again
Mrs Adler if you will ride with me maybe
if you prove you can handle yourself
well they say I lack finesse but I ain't
afraid of gunm smoke
we got this Arthur you've already done
me a big favor
today okay miss high and
mighty and nice pants by the way oh shut
up don't go too close to the water here
Jack I won't Uncle Arthur Arthur good
boy what that
that
even below
I'll tell you what I'm bored of being
laughed
at bored of being the butt of all you
Fool's
jokes it ain't nice and it ain't
brotherly I mean I get
it I get it oh look there's old big Bill
oh look at him ain't he so dumb well I
ain't so dumb of course you ain't so
dumb Bill you're just averagely
dumb thank
you that means
something I got feelings inside of me
real
feelings I know I'm not
smart what do you think of the place hey
arur I don't know so far
seems okay I guess I think that there is
Rich pickings for some carpet baggers
like us is that what we are is it
avenging your father's death
after 30 years there's gold Arthur gold
if you say so not
lazy just don't like
[Applause]
working you're
not I guess we're playing
domino how are you alive you
fine let me ask you a question if I was
to kill Miss Grimshaw would Dutch be mad
I think as a general rule Dutch likes to
avoid murder within the camp I mean it
was that one time but he was a traitor
but miss Grimshaw well Dutch has a soft
spot for her I thought as much was she
always like this I ain't quite old
enough to know no of course so as long
as you've known her she's always liked
her swell of vinegar I'd like to give
her a swig of o in it well just do it
discreetly I will you fancy a game of
Domino's sure why not if I'm playing
with you she'll leave me
alone can't believe the Domino survived
blackwat but my necklace didn't oh yeah
I thought something looked different
well I stole that one I'm sure I can
steal another easy
enough I'll keep my eye out for you
too
uh blank
[Music]
one that's probably a terrible idea
how you doing
great Hosea and Dutch have got that
twinkle in their eyes again that usually
means trouble whatever you
[Music]
say nothing on this one
I'm done
Domino that's as it should be come here
a sorry
here if the Pinkerton could see you now
killer bank robber Domino's player you
got to keep them on their toes not the
way you wanted to get arrested though
imagine the newspaper headlines well
keep your eye out then
there and don't get some
points there
Arthur does love Whimsy
[Music]
there we have it Domino you you're lucky
that's not too
bad what she wins she's lucky ain't
going to get too much from me according
to
[Music]
him he wins that's say a good
be that's it
[Music]
that's not looking up
amigo amigo
[Music]
oh
Domino shoot
here here
[Music]
what so it's like first at 100
yeah epic Domino gameplay
[Music]
BTY play the harmonica you got this
D there it is nothing here
[Music]
ah here's
one oh this is
great this is great it wasn't that bad
[Music]
through the table
Arthur through the
table Sheriff Arthur
everybody you okay Uncle yeah going to
do some sniffing around see if I can
drum up some leads well do it
quietly all right well I should be
getting on yep
evening Arthur I posted that letter for
you thank you Mr Morgan
anytime okay I'll catch you later then
sure
Arthur Mr
Morgan I feel I made a bit of a fool of
myself
again well we've all done
it and you saved my life again
again well maybe one day you'll save
mine or my soul yeah I'd like that don't
make fun of me oh I'm
sorry anyway it wasn't a complete waste
of
time I stole this from one of those
awful men you should have
it what's that thank you but you were
blind drunk I was drunk but I never
forget my manners be well Mr
Morgan
okay you think you can make this place
work of course don't I always
sure okay well let's talk more later you
busy
Arthur Hey Arthur what you want oh man
you one sour son of a [__] ain't you
only when I see you only when I see
you
okay Rob a
homestead hold on
Kentucky
bourbon I'll drink to that or
something what the [__] is going on with
y'all
emojis it's spicy
you know what I'm
sorry go crazy
Arthur
aier I heard about a house could be
interesting what kind of a house I don't
know a couple fellas I heard in town
they said said it was really freakish a
family local Boogeyman I guess but
they're crooked in every way so well so
these boys thought they were sitting on
a lot of cash they're Highway robbers
kidnappers apparently they're well
hidden in the woods that sounds pretty
dubious of course it's dubious but there
ain't much risk of getting
caught okay then let's go take a look
exactly just take a look
it's up north on the other side of the
river from Valentine best way there is
through Cumberland Falls though you know
it sure more
less I'm sorry boy
chat is a che right now guys you should
cool it just a little
bit okay we're pretty close
now let's stop and go on foot from here
just up the hill this way follow me hold
[Music]
on there's a spot up ahead where we
should be able to get a good look at the
place I want to make sure we don't run
into any surprises sure apparently his
family's been isolated ated for so long
they started talking in their own weird
dialect where are
we sneezing we're all the way up
here like Outsiders especially on their
Turf well you just keep selling me on
this job don't
you no
big place
right you got your
binoculars oh there's a pretty big barn
in the back it's not a bad place to
start looking there must be a lot of
people living here a large
House St could be in any one of them
buildings and who knows how many people
are in there I ain't sure about
this I I think we need to draw them out
somehow
and I got an
idea follow
me all these trees I can't get a proper
look at the place well hopefully it'll
make it harder for them to SP about us
too Coast seems clear so far yeah so
far hey keep it down I hear voices
come on let's hide behind this shed see
if we can hear what they're
saying maybe stay
quiet creep don't score Notions in the
dippy's
head where you been now
n don't be boiling now papy I gone but
10 minutes I was you can get now day
long cuz Ed takes Patrol now don't you
what y Ed get all the jam you shut your
golper or a flagger your felt I
will your need to pull it up boy
up the shed go pull up you understand
what they're saying not much of
it pull
out what we doing Javier okay you take
cover by the rock over there I'll create
a little distraction then you jump them
okay what kind of
distraction you'll
see be
quiet haunted zoer house what are you
saying
[Music]
a swanking
heck what the Hickory happened
here we got to put this out don't you
oh hey
AOS what the
heck now let's take them
[Music]
out take them off quick
got at least one in the
[Music]
cab [__] defend your so
got a
hit will come for you early
[Music]
help I'll square you up don't you
R Dead Redemption you can
do on your weend
[Music]
be you comes to kill my f
may get so
[Music]
un can you can you go beyond the I don't
see any more of them all right quick
let's look for the stash
[Music]
what up
bro has to be under here there's no
place else I could store
it Hey Arthur give me and you are you
sure
[Music]
though well look what we have
here I told you it was worth the trouble
didn't I yeah you take this let's split
up I'll meet you back at
camp sounds
good that
money how much money was
it 200
$175 I gu had Cofe in his pocket coffee
in his pocket why I say cof I
okay hey
all right
okay I think I I think I had a USB added
into my
[__]
uh audio interace like turned
off okay well back
I'll take the
crackers tell them enough as it is
[Music]
eat
tobacco do I not know how this how these
Mechanics Work
still oh why not
I don't know what the difference between
is core core and and non-core
I take the banjo
cigarette card where is
a gambling
gambling jackhole
gang
no I could take the bread chunk
I'll check the herb before bit
instead
gamb we having more problems
can everyone hear
me says YouTube's not getting enough
something everything else looks fine all
right well start yelling in chat if
something goes wrong
Hatchet I read you in seventh grade
let me
in where is my horse
of course
yes well now I'm all the way over
here let's go
boy well since I'm all the way over
here can't we just do
this is there a hotel on the way
nearby Valentine
I guess we could try and go in there
right
now I like how it fast travels be all
the way across the map but not
back for F1 okay it's
SC morning partner not really it [__]
sucks
dud yeah
[Music]
isn't there a part of the game where we
get to shoot up the
KKK when do we get to do that that
sounds fun
[Music]
hey there boy
waa boys
okay yeah you're all right there
boy
hey let's go see if I can see that snake
again
where was that
w wow
[Music]
God damn the details in this game are so
crazy all right all right
wait if that ruins
it that changes it from three stars to
one star how do I get it this three
star is my horse going to like this
what hope you don't get mad at
me don't get scared
now special arrows for smaller animals
notice why did you kill the snake
because Circle life or something to that
effect easy easy
what hey take more than that boy
[Music]
you okay
boy yeah this game is beautiful
like if anything this game has made me
want to like take up
hiking also sorry I think I I'm having
like a faint memory of a distant past
where I remember someone playing like
Red Dead Redemption on the stream and
being like God this game is so great
remember when games weren't super
political and now all games are very
political while playing like Red Dead
Redemption 2 and praising it for not
being political or some [__] like that I
don't know if I'm Poli listing that but
I know there's people who talk like that
anyway so it doesn't
matter hey there
mister get lost
yeah Red Dead 2 noted polit a political
game I still can't stop thinking about
the guy who yelled about proun for like
10 minutes on the stream about
[Music]
Starfield you should be yelling about
Starfield you seen some action well I I
guess you ain't never can you wait there
a
second
okay well look at this carrying board
here well clearly I am in the wrong part
of
town you yellow belly don't call me that
I'll Sho you up he ain't wor our
think you could contribute for once the
game just default
to
Valentin
it morning
partner problem is when people are talk
about pronouns they like not they're not
really talking about the the function of
language they're they're just talking
about queerness in general
that's like their buzz word for it dude
come in what can I do for
you now let me have a look
can't get another BR yeah Jacob worth is
a friend of mine I admire him but he's
just about the worst poker player in all
of
Valentine why is this
free the sheriff's gotten that for
himself at one
point okay I'll take a action
no idea why it's
free varman
rifle the takeown model of choice shows
what a dog you'll see a few people in
town with that
too no
as long as you have good
aim I thought I have one of
those wa why is this
locked it's a self-loading pist pistol
the Mouser Compares pretty well with the
semi-automatic shoots straight and fast
so oh no worries
in where do I get the arrows
got what I
need thank you for your help
okay you can walk up there if you want
to morning
partner good
morning is it
morning
kind back for some more Provisions got
everything you need have a look hey no
other outfit beats their
prices appreciate
it do not be cruel to your horses they
will
die oh I
know coffee percolator
live crickets why is it
locked maybe I don't have the carrier
for her
yet how do I get the special
arrows and people have been talking
about a curse in Valentine as long as I
can remember some reckon this was Indian
Land once but I ain't
sure okay then
why items sold out is if I have
uh
nice wow this has no downsides
whatsoever that's
done the candy has no downsides
whatsoever it's all yours
it says sold out cuz I can't carry
more and that should be
good thanks partner
welcome welcome come on in you done
enough harm
here can I get a room please room's all
yours head on
up like the sound
[Music]
you know what not my
problem you ugly bastard you getting
old around leave me alone
all right we need uh
[Music]
no man Des you need a washing after a
long journey I got someone to help
you I'm good
man don't let nobody watch me see you
soon I wish men here didn't get such a
temper when they're drunk that's just
the way it goes I
guess you [__] works this Cod you see
this
[__] God damn
yeah the anti-
twin not a bear just the anti- twin
know
how hi
damn this wind's really got it in for us
huh nobody cares about your weather
opinions blood the street
Valentin all right we have a c and
and we have
a shut up [__] H not a big [__]
you okay boy what a big [__]
deal whatever whatever it is it's
genuinely not a big
[Music]
deal all right we can go up there
now cuz we have the
[Applause]
okay there
boy
guys the horses in this game don't die
of natural causes do
they you're a good boy
[Music]
yeah easy boy
That's My
Boy why are you doing this huh I don't
know why are you walking in the street
dumbass
Who Am I who am I all I do is all day
who am
I straight up harassing the birds right
now
it's my
boy eat the sugar C it's
good hey partner what's your damn
game all right
not how you doing
[Music]
boy run me there we
go hey mister
I just don't want him to see me we're
not friends anymore we're
not they won't forgive you uhuh they
didn't forgive me there is no
forgiveness none friend
none
yeah I I know you want
it I can smell it on
you well
it a't happen no no no no it
isn't that's why that that's why I'm out
here well away from
them they come for me but I'm
watching I never
sleep I never do
white man steps out from the riv my
horse said no [__] that I'm out of
[Laughter]
here this is the best horse in the whole
universe you can't convince you
otherwise SC okay
easy
there we that's
yes you okay
[Music]
boy how did they get the game to look
like this
man like no copying and pasting
that's
Beau I feel like in order to see the
repetition of textures I would have to
start taking notes and stare for a long
[Music]
time get back
that's oh
[Music]
who [__]
ARA game play they don't do that
easy boy good
boy this way come on
poor
horse a wolf pelt and a [__]
snake they walk in course you want to
F-150 this
[__]
yeah okay
boy for
nice lit
man there boy
[Music]
Cody bangs welcome we're currently in
the setting for one for the Vine
[Music]
my hor it's cold
is the
place W wo who
[Music]
you're okay
boy that's poor thing
yeah you all right there
boy it's not the
cabin it would it wouldn't hurt
to go check
this that up there
yeah start clear of that I don't want to
fight
it I think
beefing
there
be
yo well done thank you Tony banks for
loving waer
there
boy good job
[Music]
see how this does
it's a shrimal as
that how good of an idea is it to be
walking on this
[Applause]
there it is I was like where the [__]
wait
[Applause]
you know how we do it sample yeah I told
this I told this a few times it's
uh my friend my friend Pedro from from
middle
school it's a perfect bear pel hey
yo let got [__] ice
oh that snow is rough man
this is
tough this poor [__] horse man
[Applause]
[Music]
make me do
it don't make me do it all
right well that didn't work away from
me where I come from we call it a quick
scope
what did the ice
skater the animal on your horse is
starting to decompose and it's losing
its
value how this thing sucks
I might be talking about the snake
actually I scare didn't know how we do
it
where's my horse
you're a good
boy all right let's
go hey that's my
[Music]
boy falling still
good
boy easy boy
how you doing
boy what does this
music that's sh boy
[Music]
this is scary
good
boy cannot wait to be out of here
you okay
[Music]
boy that's yeah
there you
go
hey hey
now hey back back
holy
[__] stay
[Applause]
are they invincible
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah bear dies to one oh thank God
horsey you're good you're
good why are they so strong
m is it
guess
so I kind of forgot that's a thing
people are so easy to kill in this
game easy
there all right
boy
okay there
boy okay boy
yeah you're doing
good
there you're all right
there we
go
this
was hell to get
to well that was loud
[Music]
no
I don't mean no harm okay just want to
speak to Hernandez we don't like
visitors up here kill this
fool okay
[Music]
hell yeah
what happened out
there blacko Hernandez you in there I
didn't want trouble
but I'm just here to speak with you
about boy cway pull your weapons away
and I'll come
out I'm
unarmed not
really
oh I just want to talk my boy Callaway
sure here's your message
[Music]
well good
talk excuse me
map for
I can also do this
oh cin
now is it working now
batting okay
one shotgun
slug [__] this chair
well that was an activity
[__]
here tired of these
mountains look at that can flying away
in slow motion
let's go
boy yeah let's get the [__] out of here
please
there
boy you're okay boy
yeah you all right there
boy yeah
[Music]
you
okay this is the place we were before I
think that's my boy
boy that's
it there we
go just curious if we left anything here
of Interest
I was about to ask the question I wonder
why they left this place I'm like
oh that's right we're in the
[__] Winter Wonderland
wow this place kind of sucks doesn't
that
[Applause]
all right now let's leave for
real I guess we go all the way back to
Valentine
man all right
[Music]
you're a good boy
so make me make sure I have
like
[Music]
yeah easy boy
dumb ass dog there
are what's going on okay there
boy there boy
I I saw cabin down there I know the same
we were a little bit
ago okay
there oh maybe that's just a [__]
[Music]
rock okay that's a [__] rock
how you doing
[Music]
boy easy
easy yeah easy boy good boy
[Music]
good
boy you okay
boy yeah
hey that's [__]
[Music]
boy you all
right easy
[Music]
where is that Trapper guy
actually what is
this that's the king that's the
goat that's John Jacob Jingleheimer
Schmidt
[Music]
that's finally out of that [__]
Mountain
Smitty where we been Jager man Chon he
was number
[Music]
one
yeah good boy
let's go hey what the hell you playing
at what all right simmer
down bad joke friend real
bad what
joke what thing about this game is like
I I don't know what I'm doing half the
time when these people get mad at me are
they just like this
where I fck that
always relax boy